<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Home Page</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="shakespeare-website-css.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="navbar">
            <!-- Creates nav bar on top -->
            <a href="homepage.xhtml">Home</a>
            <a href="methodology.xhtml">Methodologies</a>
            <a href="texts.xhtml">Texts</a>
            <a href="analysis.xhtml">Analysis</a>
            <a href="conclusion.xhtml">Conclusion</a>
        </div>
        <h1>Computational Methods in the Humanities Final Project</h1>
        <h2>Representation in Shakespeare: Language and Appearances</h2>
        <section>
            <h3>Introduction to the Project</h3>
            <p>Our project is reviewing several of Shakespeares works looking for trends in
                depictions of minoirty groups. Women for example, and finding attributes and
                descriptions of their role as wives, mothers, or in relation to a patriarchy. The
                depiction of black people is also of note throughout as we llok for depictions of
                impurity assoicated with skin color.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <h3>Research Questions</h3>

            <ul>
                <li>What kind of descriptors are used to represent marginalized communties (women
                    and racial minorities)?</li>
                <li>Are there words that reappear in terms of describing women or racial identities?
                    (seeming, more, pitch, etc.) How is purity determined?</li>
                <li>In what ways are inward vs outward appearances portrayed?</li>
                <li>What stereotypes are being perpetrated, implicitly or explicitly?</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <h3>Meet the team:</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>Bradley Evans is a freshman student at the University of Pittsburgh and is pursuing a major in chemistry, and a possible major in history.
                    He took this class because it was a unique honors course with an interesting premise, and he wanted to learn website building skills.
                    <!-- add your year, major(s), why you took course, anything else of interest --></li>
                <li>Lily Lamb is a ...</li>
                <li>Project Leader: Briana Bindus </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
