<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Conclusion</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="shakespeare-website-css.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="navbar">
            <!-- Creates nav bar on top -->
            <a href="index.html">Home</a>
            <a href="methodology.xhtml">Methodologies</a>
            <a href="texts.xhtml">Texts</a>
            <a href="analysis.xhtml">Analysis</a>
            <a href="conclusion.xhtml">Conclusion</a>
        </div>
        <h1>The Conclusions</h1>
        <section>
            <h2>Gender Depictions</h2>
            <p class="p_analysis">
                Shakespeare's vast collection of publications were all published four centuries ago, a completely different era. In this period, gender was 
                viewed and represented differently which is clear in the works we reviewed. The number one claim that can be made from gender depictions is 
                the role of women as wives. Both plays have themes of a patriarchy controlling marriage and the lack of agency of wives. Hardly any woman is 
                shown to be independent, and even the most powerful woman, Queen Tamora, has to work within the patriarchy to achieve her revenge. A second key theme
                present throughout is the weakness of women, shown by tears and cases of defenselessness. It can be concluded that woman were viewed, and hence depicted, 
                as not as strong or capable as men, especially in the discrepancy of power given to each gender, heavily preferring men. This depiction is inherent 
                in Shakespeare's writing as woman characters hardly get the power to speak aside to the audience. Lastly, the appearance of sexual violence and unwanted
                romantic pursuits show how helpless women are shown to be. There is no chance in these works that a woman could stand up for herself physically or 
                intellectually, or have their wishes respected. Overall, gender stereotypes pervade Shakespeare's writings, showing the beliefs, ideas, and culture 
                of the times.
            </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <h2>Racial Depictions</h2>
            <p class="p_analysis">
                Shakespeare includes non-white characters, but their personality and depiction differ greatly from the other characters. To start, black characters are not 
                frequent used throughout Shakespeare's combined works, with generally just one character of color in a play if any at all. For the black characters 
                that do appear they are often shown as foreigners, dirty, or villains, perpetuating the current racial thoughts of the time. Aaron the Moor for example 
                is the only black character in Titus Andronicus and he is villain through and through, with zero remorse for his terrible deeds. Furthermore, society attributes
                his villainy to his skin color, saying that the inside evil manifests the outside blackness. On the other side, black women were shown as less than white women,
                with adjectives and depictions of a dun skin color, wiry hair, ugliness, and even bad breath. It can be concluded from these racial depictions that
                gender and race were combined to create an evolutionary order with white men on top and black women on the bottom. 
            </p>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
